–––
title : "WC 2018: Day 4: Day of Shockers"
published : 2018-06-17
tags : sports, football, world-cup, wc-2018
link : 
–––

All matches today resulted against any cat, pig or expert’s predictions. It’s a fine day day for football when the team that persevered got to keep the fame. And in all three matches it was the underdog that shined against the stronger but poor opponent. 

**Germany 0 - Mexico 1**

A stunning match giving this World Cup’s first stunner. It had highest number of shots on the goal by both team (Germany of course more than Mexico) & highest number of stupid one-on-one misses by Mexico. Mexico also gets more score coz of their tactical gameplay. They applied the same counterattacking strategy that the Germans used to devastate their opponents 4 years back. Mexico seriously lacked individual skills in/around the penalty box & hence failed to convert all those straightforward one-on-ones. Nevertheless they stood their ground against the German blitzkrieg.

**Brazil 1 - Switzerland 1**

This high stakes game was pure Swiss brilliance especially in the departments of fouling Neymar & testing Brazilian defence. While the previous game was mostly played in someone’s penalty box this game was constrained in the midfield. Brazil, after last time’s debacle, has changed their coach & their usual gameplay as they try to mimic the Europeans. They were slow progressing the ball up the midfield, trying to play short passes & trying hard to maintain a weird defensive attitude. All that completely opposite to their natural *samba* way of dancing around the field. 
